chore(kno-5632): update api docs with recipients and objects filtering (#452)
knocklabs/docs: content/reference.mdx

    type="string"
    description='When set to "recipient" will return all of the active subscriptions for which the specified object is a recipient (as a subscriber to other objects), rather than the subscribers of the specified object.'
  />
  <Attribute
    name="objects"

>     type="map<string, user_id | object>"

Reviewer: I think we usually use `dictionary` here and I think we can make this `dictionary<string, RecipientRef>`

>     description='A collection of objectRefs, containing the object collection and id, to filter subscriptions. Filtering by objects will only be enabled when mode is set to "recipient".'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    description='A collection of ObjectRefs, containing the object collection and id, to filter subscriptions. Filtering by objects will only be enabled when mode is set to "recipient".'
```

  />
  <Attribute
    name="recipients"
    type="string[] | dictionary<string, RecipientRef>"

>     description="A collection of recipient identifiers, userIds and/or objectRefs, to filter subscribers of the object. Filtering by recipients will only be enabled when mode is not set."

Reviewer 2: Not sure if the casing/capitalization difference is intentional here?

```suggestion
    description="A collection of recipient identifiers (user_ids and/or ObjectRefs) to filter subscribers of the object. Filtering by recipients will only be enabled when mode is not set."
```

    type="string"
    description="The cursor to retrieve items before (hint: use the `__cursor` field)"
  />
  <Attribute
    name="objects"
    type="dictionary<string, ObjectRef>"

>     description="A collection of objectRefs, containing the object collection and id, to filter subscriptions."

Reviewer 2: Same q as above re: `ObjectRefs`

Author: no intention there just a miss on my part - as for the user_ids was just keeping the camelcase consistency but we reference it elsewhere as snakecased so will commit your suggested changes. thanks for checking it out!

  />
  <Attribute
    name="recipients"
    type="string[] | dictionary<string, RecipientRef>"

>     description="A collection of recipient identifiers, userIds and/or objectRefs, to filter schedules for."

Reviewer 2: Same as above:

```suggestion
    description="A collection of recipient identifiers (user_ids and/or ObjectRefs) to filter schedules for."
```
